Cleanup and update documentation (#83)
CSCfi/beacon-python: README.md

pip install .
```

#### Loading Data

If one has their own database the ``beacon_init`` utility can be skipped, and make use of the existing database by:
* creating a DB View that matches the DB schema for the beacon python server see: [Database](https://beacon-python.readthedocs.io/en/latest/db.html) documentation for information on the database schema and queries;
* migrating the database to match the [Database](https://beacon-python.readthedocs.io/en/latest/db.html) schema;

> * modifyinf the queries in [beacon_api.utils.data_query.py](beacon_api/utils/data_query.py) in order to fit own database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* modifying the queries in [beacon_api.utils.data_query.py](beacon_api/utils/data_query.py) in order to fit one's own database.
```
